.) Basic structur:
The Layout for the chat-pages is done within the templatesets-folder 
contained in your FreeCS-folder. Every subfolder of this folder 
represents one whole templateset. The default-folder holds the 
templateset which will be used if the client doesn't request another 
one. (clients may specify their templateset by either giving an URL-
argument or a POST-argument in the following form: 
templateset=[foldername])

.) Components inside templateset-folders:
Each templateset-folder contains the following files: 
ATENTION: All of these files may be changed on the fly and will be 
          reloaded by the server automatically. 

- bye.html
  This is the page which will be displayed when the user loggs out 
  or gets logged out. 
- frameset.html
  This is the frameset containing at least the input-frame, a dummy-
  frame and the output frame. 
- header.html
  This is optional but may be used for logout or custom things 
- input.html
  This is the input-frame containing a text-input-box which submits 
  the user's messages and commands to the server. 
- login_failed.html
  Displayed when the user gave a wrong password or the user is not in 
  the database 
- login_missing.html
  Displayed when the user gave no username 
- not_found.html
  Displayed when the requested location was not found 
- start.html
  This file contains the HTML-Form with the username and password-
  field + the group/room to join + the templateset to use 
- techerror.html
  Displayed when a technical error occured (e.g. unable to connect 
  to database... view logfile for details) 
- too_many_users.html
  Displayed if there are too many users logged in. 
- user_banned.html
  Displayed if a user was hardkicked from the server 
- user_present.html
  Displayed if ther is already a user with the same name logged in 
- welcome.html
  This file starts the output-frame. It contains the initial welcome 
  to the user just logged in. 
- message.set
  This file contains every message in form of a template. Each message can 
  be configured individually insied this file 